chinese-flashcards
====================

[Anki](http://ankisrs.net) flashcards for Chinese 101, 102, and 103 at the University of Washington during the 2014-15 school year.

The class textbook is [Integrated Chinese](https://www.cheng-tsui.com/browse/integrated-chinese) Level 1, Third Edition.

These cards were created with Anki 2.0.11 using the [Chinese support plugin](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/3448800906) 0.9.2

They should be compatible with all Anki clients for PC and mobile systems.


Production
--------------------------------------------------
Cards are created by hand inputting characters.

Meaning is from textbook and autogenerated list.

Pinyin is colored based on tone.

Sound is autogenerated.

Word Type is input based on textbook, nouns are skipped.

If the 儿 (ér) is optional, it has been left out.


Organization
--------------------------------------------------

Phrases - textbook dialogs

Vocab - textbook vocabulary boxes

misc - words and phrases from various sources (class, textbook, workbook, character sheets, etc.)


Recommended settings
--------------------------------------------------
1. go into deck options
2. create a new group
3. show new cards in random order
4. maximize number of new cards per day
5. apply group to all subdecks


Version History
--------------------------------------------------
- v1.0 goes through 101, lessons 1-5
- v2.0 will go through 102
- v3.0 will go through 103

Pre v1.0 revision history will be added in the future.


Final Thoughts
--------------------------------------------------
Please submit any issues on GitHub or let me know in class.

Remember to use these as a resource, not a replacement, in your studies.

Audio is occasionally not correct, refer to recordings.

Phrase pinyin has not been checked as thoroughly.

Enjoy!
